The Sinister Island
It was the end of the term and Jack was waiting for his result and was hoping to get good results. The teacher started giving the children their report cards. When Jack’s name was called, he went to the teacher, nervously. On seeing the result, his face was full of excitement. 

He had topped in his batch! He was happy, relieved and most of all proud of himself. His parents too, were delighted and extremely proud of him. As a reward, they gave him permission to go for a trip to a peaceful island to relax and rejuvenate. Hearing this, Jack was thrilled and exultant. So, Jack along with his three friends, left for the island.

On reaching the island, they rested for a while. Then, started exploring it. The island was beautiful, with countless flowers and trees, and some animal species. Their hotel had all the facilities – a tennis court, a football pitch, a diner, a café, and a pool. Little did they know that this island was not as pleasant as it looked.

After spending some time swimming, they had lunch. They spent the rest of the time enjoying themselves. After the sunset, they came back, and the hotel looked empty. When they went to the diner, they did not see any staff. There was no-one at the hotel desk. So, they decided to have snacks for dinner and go to bed. 

Suddenly, Ryan, one of Jack’s friends, heard a faint voice calling out to him. He started walking towards it. It was coming from the diner. He went there but saw no-one. He headed back to his room. Again, he heard the voice. So, he woke everyone up and told them about the voice. They started laughing and told him to go to sleep, but a few moments later, they themselves heard it. So, they went to check it out. 

As they reached the Diner, they looked around, but saw no-one. They were all very confused. As they came back to the room, they realized that Ryan was missing. So, they went out looking for him, but could not find him. Suddenly, they heard a muffled scream. They immediately ran towards it. It was coming from beneath a table. Suddenly Henry saw that there was a trap door. They opened it and saw a long tunnel going down. They all went down it.
 
What they saw there was shocking. Ryan was shackled to the wall. They saw strange looking humans, whose heads and legs were deformed. Their teeth were yellow, their eyes red. It was at that moment that they realized that they were zombies. Ryan shrieked with happiness when he saw them. But one of the zombies heard Ryan and spotted them. Suddenly, all the zombies started walking towards them. In a panic, they started climbing up the tunnel. However, Henry got caught by a zombie. Jack and Anthony ran helplessly towards the boat, their only way of escaping the island. Behind them was a hoard of zombies. 

They reached the boat and sat in it. The boat started moving away from the island. As they moved away from the island, they were in tears as they had lost two of their best friends. A night of celebration turned into a horror, and they realized why it was called the sinister island.
 
